README.md, before:

# GSTV Full Stack Coding Exercise

<!-- TOC depthFrom:2 depthTo:6 withLinks:1 updateOnSave:1 orderedList:0 -->

- [Exercise Overview](#exercise-overview)
- [Functionality](#functionality)
	- [List of Site Flags for an Individual Site](#list-of-site-flags-for-an-individual-site)
	- [Ability to Add or Edit Site Flags for an Individual Site](#ability-to-add-or-edit-site-flags-for-an-individual-site)
- [Technical Details](#technical-details)
	- [Requirements](#requirements)
	- [Version Control](#version-control)
		- [GitFlow and GithubFlow](#gitflow-and-githubflow)
		- [Submitting Your Work](#submitting-your-work)
	- [JavaScript](#javascript)
		- [Unit Testing](#unit-testing)

<!-- /TOC -->

## Exercise Overview
The site - an individual gas station - is the most atomic piece of the GSTV business model - it is at the core of everything we do. Our hardware is installed at the site, advertisers purchase impressions at a site level and schedules are generated on a per-site basis. Thus, keeping accurate information about a site is essential successful business operations.

We are asking you to build out the ability to create, edit and view flags for a given site. GSTV uses flags as a way to identify sites of particular importance - we may be doing research at the site, it may be near a key advertisers' offices, or our CEO may be taking clients for a site visit. Knowing which sites are flagged helps us focus and prioritize if something has gone wrong.

Some things to keep in mind
* A site may have multiple flags
* A site flag may have a start date but not an end date
* A site flag may have an end date, but not a start date
* A site flag may have both an end date and a start date

You do not need to worry about
* Authorization or authentication

## Functionality
### List of Site Flags for an Individual Site
* What you should see
    * If the site has valid site flags
        * For each flag
            * Flag Type
            * Start Date
            * Edit Date
            * Edit Button
            * Remove Button
            * Rules
                * Only display site flags in the list if they are
                    * Permanent - there is not an end date
                    * Current - the startdate is in the past and the end date is in the future
                    * Future - the startdate and enddate are in the future
        * Add Flag Button
        * Close Button
    * If the site does not have valid site flags
        * Message
            * There are no site flags.
        * Add Flag Button
        * Close Button
* How things should work
    * Edit Button
        * Allows the user to edit the information for an individual site flag
    * Remove Button
        * Removes selected site flag
        * Prompts user with modal
            * Message
                * Do you want to remove {item}?
            * Continue Button
                * Validation
                  - Malformed Data Validation
                    - If any required items are not formatted as expected
                      - Submit fails
                        - Message displayed to the user
                          - Unable to Create/Update: {itemName} {itemValue} does not match the expected format.
                  * If server-side validation passes
                    * Update data
                    * Modal is removed and the view will reflect changes from the action.
            * Cancel Button
                * Modal is removed
    * Add Flag Button
        * Allows a user to add a new site flag
    * Close Button
        * The user is returned to where they were when they started and the view does not reflect any changes

### Ability to Add or Edit Site Flags for an Individual Site
* What you should see
    * Flag Type
        * **Required to submit**
        * Select
            * Possible Values
                * Advertiser - Location Priority
                * Retailer - Location Priority
                * Retailer - Showcase
                * GSTV - Site Visit
                * GSTV - Showcase
                * GSTV - Nielsen Survey
                * GSTV - Research Survey
                * GSTV - Unsellable
    * Start Date
        * Datepicker
            * Is not required to submit
            * If end date is provided
                * The start date must be before end date
    * End Date
        * Datepicker
            * Is not required to submit
            * If start date is provided
                * The end date must be after start date
                * The end date must be today or in the future
    * Close Button
    * Submit Button
* How things should work
    * Close Button
        * User is returned to the spot where they started and the view does not reflect any changes
    * Submit Button
        * Validation
          - Start Date/End Date Validation
            - If the start date falls after the end date
              - Message
                - Unable to Create/Update: The start date must be before the end date
            - If the end date falls before the start date
              - Message
                - Unable to Create/Update: The start date must be before the date time
            - If the start date falls on the same date as the end date
              - Message
                - Unable to Create/Update: The start date may not be the same date as the end date
          - Null Validation
            - If any required items are null
              - Submit fails
                - Message displayed to the user
                  - Unable to Create/Update: {itemName} is required.
          - Malformed Data Validation
            - If any required items are not formatted as expected
              - Submit fails
                - Message displayed to the user
                  - Unable to Create/Update: {itemName} {itemValue} does not match the expected format.
          * If validation passes
            * Update data
            * User is returned to the list of site flags which now reflects new/updated data

## Technical Details

### Requirements
You must use
* Node.js `^4.0.0`
* MongoDB `^3.2.0`

### Version Control
#### GitFlow and GithubFlow
We use [GitFlow](https://www.atlassian.com/git/tutorials/comparing-workflows/gitflow-workflow/) on a daily basis - this allows us to build quality control into our development, QA and deployment process.

We are asking that you use a modified [Github Flow](https://guides.github.com/introduction/flow/) - sometimes referred to as a [feature branch workflow](https://www.atlassian.com/git/tutorials/comparing-workflows/feature-branch-workflow) - methodology instead of GitFlow. Conceptually, GitFlow and Github flow are similar.

#### Submitting Your Work
Please fork our repository and use a feature branch workflow while developing your functionality. When you are ready to submit your work make a [pull request against our repository](https://help.github.com/articles/using-pull-requests/).

### JavaScript
#### Unit Testing
Please feel free to create unit tests - we use [Mocha](https://github.com/mochajs/mocha).

Commit message:

Updating what we are looking for

README.md, after:

# GSTV Full Stack Coding Exercise

<!-- TOC depthFrom:2 depthTo:6 withLinks:1 updateOnSave:1 orderedList:0 -->

- [Exercise Overview](#exercise-overview)
- [What We Are Looking For](#what-we-are-looking-for)
- [Functionality](#functionality)
	- [List of Site Flags for an Individual Site](#list-of-site-flags-for-an-individual-site)
	- [Ability to Add or Edit Site Flags for an Individual Site](#ability-to-add-or-edit-site-flags-for-an-individual-site)
- [Technical Details](#technical-details)
	- [Required Technology](#required-technology)
	- [Version Control](#version-control)
		- [GitFlow and GithubFlow](#gitflow-and-githubflow)
		- [Submitting Your Work](#submitting-your-work)
	- [JavaScript](#javascript)
		- [Unit Testing](#unit-testing)

<!-- /TOC -->

## Exercise Overview
The site - an individual gas station - is the most atomic piece of the GSTV business model - it is at the core of everything we do. Our hardware is installed at the site, advertisers purchase impressions at a site level, and schedules are generated on a per-site basis. Thus, keeping accurate information about a site is essential successful business operations.

We are asking you to build out the functionality to create, edit and view flags for a given site. GSTV uses flags as a way to identify sites of particular importance - we may be doing research at the site, it may be near a key advertisers' offices, or our CEO may be taking clients for a site visit. Knowing which sites are flagged helps us focus and prioritize if something has gone wrong.

Some things to keep in mind
* A site may have multiple flags
* A site flag may have a start date but not an end date
* A site flag may have an end date, but not a start date
* A site flag may have both an end date and a start date

You do not need to worry about
* Authorization or authentication
* Deployment

## What We Are Looking For
We will be examining your Git repository prior to your interview. Please include the version of Node and MongoDB that you used in your pull request. Additionally, we will ask for you to demonstrate the functionality during the interview.

## Functionality
### List of Site Flags for an Individual Site
* What you should see
    * If the site has valid site flags
        * For each flag
            * Flag Type
            * Start Date
            * Edit Date
            * Edit Button
            * Remove Button
            * Rules
                * Only display site flags in the list if they are
                    * Permanent - there is not an end date
                    * Current - the startdate is in the past and the end date is in the future
                    * Future - the startdate and enddate are in the future
        * Add Flag Button
        * Close Button
    * If the site does not have valid site flags
        * Message
            * There are no site flags.
        * Add Flag Button
        * Close Button
* How things should work
    * Edit Button
        * Allows the user to edit the information for an individual site flag
    * Remove Button
        * Removes selected site flag
        * Prompts user with modal
            * Message
                * Do you want to remove {item}?
            * Continue Button
                * Validation
                  - Malformed Data Validation
                    - If any required items are not formatted as expected
                      - Submit fails
                        - Message displayed to the user
                          - Unable to Create/Update: {itemName} {itemValue} does not match the expected format.
                  * If server-side validation passes
                    * Update data
                    * Modal is removed and the view will reflect changes from the action.
            * Cancel Button
                * Modal is removed
    * Add Flag Button
        * Allows a user to add a new site flag
    * Close Button
        * The user is returned to where they were when they started and the view does not reflect any changes

### Ability to Add or Edit Site Flags for an Individual Site
* What you should see
    * Flag Type
        * **Required to submit**
        * Select
            * Possible Values
                * Advertiser - Location Priority
                * Retailer - Location Priority
                * Retailer - Showcase
                * GSTV - Site Visit
                * GSTV - Showcase
                * GSTV - Nielsen Survey
                * GSTV - Research Survey
                * GSTV - Unsellable
    * Start Date
        * Datepicker
            * Is not required to submit
            * If end date is provided
                * The start date must be before end date
    * End Date
        * Datepicker
            * Is not required to submit
            * If start date is provided
                * The end date must be after start date
                * The end date must be today or in the future
    * Close Button
    * Submit Button
* How things should work
    * Close Button
        * User is returned to the spot where they started and the view does not reflect any changes
    * Submit Button
        * Validation
          - Start Date/End Date Validation
            - If the start date falls after the end date
              - Message
                - Unable to Create/Update: The start date must be before the end date
            - If the end date falls before the start date
              - Message
                - Unable to Create/Update: The start date must be before the date time
            - If the start date falls on the same date as the end date
              - Message
                - Unable to Create/Update: The start date may not be the same date as the end date
          - Null Validation
            - If any required items are null
              - Submit fails
                - Message displayed to the user
                  - Unable to Create/Update: {itemName} is required.
          - Malformed Data Validation
            - If any required items are not formatted as expected
              - Submit fails
                - Message displayed to the user
                  - Unable to Create/Update: {itemName} {itemValue} does not match the expected format.
          * If validation passes
            * Update data
            * User is returned to the list of site flags which now reflects new/updated data

## Technical Details

### Required Technology
You must use
* ES2015 funtionality
* React
* Redux
* Node.js
* MongoDB

### Version Control
#### GitFlow and GithubFlow
We use [GitFlow](https://www.atlassian.com/git/tutorials/comparing-workflows/gitflow-workflow/) on a daily basis - this allows us to build quality control into our development, QA and deployment process.

We are asking that you use a modified [Github Flow](https://guides.github.com/introduction/flow/) - sometimes referred to as a [feature branch workflow](https://www.atlassian.com/git/tutorials/comparing-workflows/feature-branch-workflow) - methodology instead of GitFlow. Conceptually, GitFlow and Github flow are similar.

#### Submitting Your Work
Please fork our repository and use a feature branch workflow while developing your functionality. When you are ready to submit your work make a [pull request against our repository](https://help.github.com/articles/using-pull-requests/).

### JavaScript
#### Unit Testing
Please feel free to create unit tests - we use [Mocha](https://github.com/mochajs/mocha).
